SNOW-1852900:    Support Cortex function Sentiment in apply (#2742)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.27.0 (TBD)

### Snowpark Python API Updates

#### New Features

- Added support for `snowflake_cortex_sentiment`.

### Snowpark pandas API Updates

#### New Features

- Added support for `Series.str.ljust` and `Series.str.rjust`.
- Added support for `Series.str.center`.
- Added support for `Series.str.pad`.

> - Added support for applying Snowpark Python function `snowflake_cortex_sentiment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for function `snowflake_cortex_sentiment` in `functions.py`.
```

Author: @sfc-gh-yuwang Did you mean to update the changelog for Snowpark Python API Updates or pandas API Updates? For pandas, we may want to keep the reference to `apply`

Reviewer 2: I think the changelog for snowpark python api should be updated to what yuyang suggests here.

Author: Makes sense, it should be updated now!
